hr_contract_update_overtime/README.rst, before:

================================
Update Overtime from HR Contract
================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:709e86777eac92e10d243e3813df53f63d16f4a317e2b9db705492f74aaf1c5c
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhr--attendance-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/tree/16.0/hr_contract_update_overtime
    :alt: OCA/hr-attendance
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/hr-attendance-16-0/hr-attendance-16-0-hr_contract_update_overtime
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/hr-attendance&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of Contracts and Attendances to
support recalculating Overtime and to allow you to keep up to date your
Overtime.

You can Update Overtime in different ways:

-  An action on the Contract History tree view
-  Header button on Contract History form view
-  Header button on Contract form view

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Use Cases / Context
===================

This module was developed because in certain cases, you want to Update
Overtime of your Employees.

It will be useful for you if you activate contracts module after
attendance.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Go to Settings > Attendances
2. Activate "Count Extra Hours"
3. Go to Employees > Contracts
4. Select any Contract History Running or Expired
5. Click on "Update Overtime" button on the Header

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_contract_update_overtime%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Moduon

Contributors
------------

-  Eduardo de Miguel (`Moduon <https://www.moduon.team/>`__)

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-Shide| image:: https://github.com/Shide.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/Shide
    :alt: Shide
.. |maintainer-rafaelbn| image:: https://github.com/rafaelbn.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rafaelbn
    :alt: rafaelbn

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-Shide| |maintainer-rafaelbn| 

This module is part of the `OCA/hr-attendance <https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/tree/16.0/hr_contract_update_overtime>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.

Commit message:

[FIX] hr_contract_update_overtime: Reorganize Leaves across Calendars

hr_contract_update_overtime/README.rst, after:

================================
Update Overtime from HR Contract
================================

.. 
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! This file is generated by oca-gen-addon-readme !!
   !! changes will be overwritten.                   !!
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
   !! source digest: sha256:709e86777eac92e10d243e3813df53f63d16f4a317e2b9db705492f74aaf1c5c
   !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

.. |badge1| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/maturity-Alpha-red.png
    :target: https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status
    :alt: Alpha
.. |badge2| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/licence-LGPL--3-blue.png
    :target: http://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-3.0-standalone.html
    :alt: License: LGPL-3
.. |badge3| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/github-OCA%2Fhr--attendance-lightgray.png?logo=github
    :target: https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/tree/16.0/hr_contract_update_overtime
    :alt: OCA/hr-attendance
.. |badge4| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/weblate-Translate%20me-F47D42.png
    :target: https://translation.odoo-community.org/projects/hr-attendance-16-0/hr-attendance-16-0-hr_contract_update_overtime
    :alt: Translate me on Weblate
.. |badge5| image:: https://img.shields.io/badge/runboat-Try%20me-875A7B.png
    :target: https://runboat.odoo-community.org/builds?repo=OCA/hr-attendance&target_branch=16.0
    :alt: Try me on Runboat

|badge1| |badge2| |badge3| |badge4| |badge5|

This module extends the functionality of Contracts and Attendances to
support recalculating Overtime and to allow you to keep up to date your
Overtime.

You can Update Overtime in different ways:

-  An action on the Contract History tree view
-  Header button on Contract History form view
-  Header button on Contract form view

If you Update Overtime from Contract History, leaves will also be
reorganized across their contract calendars.

.. IMPORTANT::
   This is an alpha version, the data model and design can change at any time without warning.
   Only for development or testing purpose, do not use in production.
   `More details on development status <https://odoo-community.org/page/development-status>`_

**Table of contents**

.. contents::
   :local:

Use Cases / Context
===================

This module was developed because in certain cases, you want to Update
Overtime of your Employees.

It will be useful for you if you activate contracts module after
attendance.

Usage
=====

To use this module, you need to:

1. Go to Settings > Attendances
2. Activate "Count Extra Hours"
3. Go to Employees > Contracts
4. Select any Contract History Running or Expired
5. Click on "Update Overtime" button on the Header

Bug Tracker
===========

Bugs are tracked on `GitHub Issues <https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/issues>`_.
In case of trouble, please check there if your issue has already been reported.
If you spotted it first, help us to smash it by providing a detailed and welcomed
`feedback <https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/issues/new?body=module:%20hr_contract_update_overtime%0Aversion:%2016.0%0A%0A**Steps%20to%20reproduce**%0A-%20...%0A%0A**Current%20behavior**%0A%0A**Expected%20behavior**>`_.

Do not contact contributors directly about support or help with technical issues.

Credits
=======

Authors
-------

* Moduon

Contributors
------------

-  Eduardo de Miguel (`Moduon <https://www.moduon.team/>`__)

Maintainers
-----------

This module is maintained by the OCA.

.. image:: https://odoo-community.org/logo.png
   :alt: Odoo Community Association
   :target: https://odoo-community.org

OCA, or the Odoo Community Association, is a nonprofit organization whose
mission is to support the collaborative development of Odoo features and
promote its widespread use.

.. |maintainer-Shide| image:: https://github.com/Shide.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/Shide
    :alt: Shide
.. |maintainer-rafaelbn| image:: https://github.com/rafaelbn.png?size=40px
    :target: https://github.com/rafaelbn
    :alt: rafaelbn

Current `maintainers <https://odoo-community.org/page/maintainer-role>`__:

|maintainer-Shide| |maintainer-rafaelbn| 

This module is part of the `OCA/hr-attendance <https://github.com/OCA/hr-attendance/tree/16.0/hr_contract_update_overtime>`_ project on GitHub.

You are welcome to contribute. To learn how please visit https://odoo-community.org/page/Contribute.
